We're talking to Philip Leighton.
Looking at this essay that you wrote in 1991, and I will cite it, by the way, and so the publication, the journal is Le Debat, D-E-B-A-T, and I guess it's a monthly, and you said published in May of 1991, so that's how I would cite it.
I'm not certain if it's monthly.
It may be quarterly.
I can check that out.
I don't even think we have to, but it was published in May of 91, you would say.
Okay.
And what is the title?
This is the title here, an analytical look at the Bibliothèque de France.
Well, you know, it was in French.
Okay, so what I would like to say then, we will cite it.
It was published then, and then I have an English translation furnished by you.
Is a copy of the English translation available anywhere?
Have you deposited anywhere if anyone wants to see it?
Because I will cite it.
I'll be happy to put that.
It is not deposited anywhere, so I have shared it with
A few colleagues.
Okay, but I can't say that a copy of the English translation was furnished to me by the author.
Yes.
I mean, you know, it's published.
It's published in its public domain.
Public information.
Yeah, good.
Okay, well, this is just business keeping here.
Because I think it really should be cited.
Well, obviously it's in French, and so far as I know, the translation is accurate.
Which leads me to the next point.
On the strength of this, I guess you were invited by the French government to come and take a look.
Is that right?
on the strength of this article?
Well, yes.
I would have to imagine that it was a two-sided sword.
I suspect that they didn't want a sequel.
I think that probably this report resulted in some heat in some quarters.
And...
So I was hired with the expectation that I would not write another such article.
With the hope, shall we say.
Yeah, I think that was the underlying principle.
And did you write a sequel?
No, I did not write a sequel.
I did write a report for them, which they did in turn publish.
They published it?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Without telling me.
No kidding.
Which kind of surprised me.
And I think that the nature of that publication was somewhat truncated.
That is... They edited it.
Yeah.
and published it in French?
Yes.
So you really, I don't know how conversant you are in French, but you really didn't have an opportunity to see what they retained and what they excised.
I had a colleague read it over and he gave me some sense of what they said and I said, which leads me to the conclusion that it was not 100% complete, but still...
They were my words.
Did they make a good faith attempt to, in your view, to implement a number of the suggestions that you made in this report?
I can only guess that they considered all of the
recommendations and suggestions not only in the report you have but the subsequent report you wrote and whatever they chose to pursue or not pursue was probably heavily influenced by the stage of the project which was clearly in motion and not to be stopped so it's probable that
Many of the concerns that I have expressed really have not been addressed, and that's simply part of the beast.
When you wrote this first report, how much did you spend time at the site?
No, I had not seen it.
So it was an evaluation based on the plans?
It was an evaluation based upon a plan that...
basically I received.
And the material that I had may have been somewhat dated.
In fact, that was one of the criticisms of that report was that I didn't have the most recent material.
But I have to say that I subsequently saw the most recent material, and it did not markedly change from what I had seen earlier
in my estimation, who I think the business of, as I recall, there was a reference room on one side of the building and a catalog room on another side or something like that.
That changed either as a result or between the drawings that I have reviewed and the current
arrangements.
Of course, the catalog's all online now.
When you think of it as a practical matter, here you have the equivalent of a billion-plus dollars.
I guess it's $1.3 billion.
And this thing is going ahead like firecrackers.
Unlike the British experience, which goes 35 years, this thing is done in five.
Yeah, it was amazing.
And it was amazing in that respect.
It's hard to spend that much money that fast.
But there was really very little allowance to turn back.
I mean, when you looked at this, I have to believe it was, when one considers the many problems for a library that were faced, their options were really very few, weren't they, I guess?
Correct.
And I think that one could arguably say that they got off on the wrong foot simply by the nature of
the selection process of the competition, because once the competition was won, the philosophy of the design that the winner displayed was, in fact, the design.
That was it.
There was no appreciable change from that.
There is a book which I purchased at the library, and if you've seen it, it's the Bibliothèque Nationale de France.
If you've seen that, Perrault's book,
No, but... And it's got, you know, I've just opened it right here.
Here's a picture.
It's a photograph and it's in a gallery.
It's charming, but it's four little L-shaped blocks of wood, you know, facing a few sprigs of spruce, you know.
And that's it.
That's the concept from there.
He's a charming man.
I'm sure he is.
I don't even have to interview him.
He's quoted at length in this book where they ask him the tough questions.
His answers speak for themselves.
I can't imagine that I would get any different answer if I would speak to him myself.
In a way, I really can't fault him.
The design
basically was not influenced with a proper program.
They actually wrote the program after the building was designed.
It wasn't influenced by any appreciable expertise from the library world.
So he was basically creating something with pretty limited information.
And having never done a library before.
Yeah, so... He's 36 years old.
You really can't fully blame him.
He came up with a very, you know, very interesting and elegant concept of putting the, they call it the nation's patrimony, you know, the great books of the nation up where people can see them, where they're at the light for the eye.
But clearly that was a concept that couldn't,
Have you visited the library at all?
Right.
What's your sense of how it's going now?
Yeah, what's your sense of how it's going now, do you think?
In your report here, for instance, you talk about the General Forum and the Four Towers and the obvious anxiety over the fact that, over the possibility that these books could be cooked, you know, and that you have these shades that are now put in to protect them, but now you have to have all of the sophisticated air conditioning.
It's much better to be in a cave like at the British Library, you know, for all the people
Although perhaps not a cave right next to the river.
But then that's right.
And then you look at the schematic in this book, the lower level of the library is below the sin.
Quite a bit below.
And we're talking about a river that's next door.
And I think perhaps in part as a result of what I wrote and what I'm sure others wrote, they ended up putting many more
books in the lower levels of the building than perhaps they had originally planned.
And indeed, the floor plate of one of the tower floors is not very large, even with compact shelving, which they were planning to use.
Which you're right about here.
Did they in fact use it, do you know?
I assume they had to, to get the capacity they were looking for, but I don't know.
I was told that the tower was designed for compact shelving.
See, they never took me into the... I mean, I went to people's offices on the tower, which were very small, by the way.
But the tower floor is not very big, and no contact shelving.
Each floor is not going to hold a huge collection.
Is there a cautionary tale here, in your view?
Would you go so far as to say that?
Well, sure.
I think there are numerous threads, but perhaps the initial key is...
that where the great library or any library or any project is being planned from the perspective of competitive design, that there be some ground rules laid to establish the functional design
requirements of whatever that facility is, in this case a library, and that the ground rules would have the blessing of a well-established member of the profession, library profession, and that the jury would include meaningful representation of the library rule.
The jury in this case did have a librarian
Billington?
Was he on the jury?
Billington.
Yeah, but you know what?
He's not a librarian.
Uh-huh.
I'm in this very same chapter.
He's a historian.
I mean, he taught at Princeton for years, and in fact, he follows in the tradition of
of having a librarian of Congress who quite pointedly is not a librarian.
Okay, well, then that was the token librarian, and he wasn't even a librarian.
Yeah, no, he's a great scholar and a historian.
He's written about Russian history, and he came to the Library of Congress from Princeton, where he'd written a number of books, but like Archibald McLeish before him, who was a poet, or, you know what I'm saying?
And I was told, although this may be...
pure rumor and not accurate.
I was told that he basically said precious little about the needs of the library in the jury context.
So his contribution as a librarian was
And let me also point out, when was this competition done?
87, 88?
Yeah, well, Billington was appointed in 87.
I mean, he knows a lot now.
I've interviewed him.
He's a lovely man.
But I interviewed him 12 years.
He perhaps was put into a... Again, he's probably not to be blamed.
He was put into a circumstance that was...
Yeah, it was unfortunate for him.
I mean, Mitterrand was doing a, and there's no question about it, you read it in this book, this is quite pointedly intended to be a monument, which does bring me to a quote, by the way, from our previous interview, and I'll read it to you.
Over the last 40 or 50 years, a pragmatic approach has been in vogue that argues that you ought to be able to do anything with the given space.
I believe our culture may be moving toward a greater interest in the kind of design that tells a story
I think the whole concept of storytelling has to do with generating a logic that goes beyond the technology.
That's a quote.
And then at Tobias' storyline, this is not a quote, but this is me, developed by the architect Dominique Pirro, is enormous, strikingly symbolic, and clearly expressed with the nation's patrimony.
That's the word, as you point out, they always use over there.
contained within four glass towers, shaped to resemble four books, opened inward and embracing a lush garden of spruce trees transplanted fully grown from a forest in Ruan.
I mean, it's a great concept.
It's so bold.
I'm not sure they ended up with spruce trees.
What are they?
You know, I'm not sure.
Well, you know what?
I've got the book here.
I wrote in spruce, but they might be Norway pines or something like that, too.
I don't know.
I haven't seen them before.
Oh, it's quite a thing to see, but they won't let you walk down there either, you know?
I mean, it's my wife and I. We were there, and you walk up these huge stairs.
You don't know where the hell you are.
You know, you don't know how to get in.
If you're disabled, or if you're... You walk up, and then you go down, and it's all to make this statement.
And I'll tell you, that wood, you can slip on it, you know, in the rain.
I mean, it's...
I don't know.
I see the story.
I think that, in fact, the building... My guess is that the building is a very interesting building to visit and probably will continue to be so for many generations.
But it's somewhat at the expense of it.
Yeah, but you also point out that even with the shutters and the towers, that's no guarantee that you're going to protect the books.
That's right.
Because glass is, you know, glassed.
And also even with redundant water protection systems, there's no guarantee that they're not going to have a foot on the lower levels, and indeed they have had one.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Within the last couple of months.
No kidding.
So what happens when you see these stories of strikes and fistfights and scholars?
I think that part of that is perhaps the French way.
But I can also imagine that that setting is frustrating for the employee who feels a genuine sense of purpose and desire to do the very best.
It's hard sometimes.
You know, you do mention that presidential libraries, I hadn't thought of that, are interesting examples of libraries that deal with tourist traffic.
I mean, these are the Jefferson Building.
See, the L.C.
is a, you know, that's a big tourist attraction, too.
But then all the business now is done over at the Madison Building, you know, basically, right?
Yeah.
There's probably still some business done in Jefferson.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, there is.
They keep the tourists.
It's pretty hard to get into the reading room now, whereas it used to be easy.
They take you to some balcony overlooking.
Right.
And the exhibition is over at Madison, too.
You see the exhibitions over there.
Do you have any comments to make on the St.
Pancras Library?
The British Library, the New British Library.
I only know of it in a rather secondary way.
My sense is that the mass of that library makes much more sense for the National Library.
I think that they have had some problems that have been unfortunate.
with their compact shelving and other systems.
But, you know, one has to accept the fact that libraries are complex projects and that there will be almost a given that there are some problems.
But I think the pancreas in general has a more rational perspective
It does seem to have had input from librarians, too.
I mean, the rounded corners, the way... I mean, the readers seem to have been... People seem to have been thinking about the readers over there.
I was really...
Uh, very, very much impressed by that.
And that was two years ago, you know, before it opened.
I said, this thing's, this thing is getting a bad rap on the British, you know, from Prince Charles and everybody else.
I mean, he's looking for an architectural statement.
Well, of course, the British are just like the French.
They like their old, their old digs.
And, uh,
And change is difficult.
Yeah.
And it does, I have to think, I have to say, I think it looks perhaps a bit too oriental, too, you know, but that's just taste here.
Yeah, right, yeah.
But... You know, that's easy to criticize.
You know, and... One could say to Dr. France that it's a little bit too much polished chrome in glass.
Really, you know.
And in some ways, that's kind of a harsh environment.
It's going to be an acoustic problem and probably...
It is interesting though that you have these projects come along at a time when
When people are talking about law, and then you read this, you read in this little pamphlet put out by the British Library, which is terrific.
It was Sir Kinney, I guess, he was the head of the library board.
And again, he repeats the criticism that a lot of people were saying after 20 years into this thing, you know, maybe we're building a building that's not going to be needed.
Everything's going to be digitized, blah, blah, blah.
And yet you point out that libraries are growing.
They will continue to grow.
As David Bradbury told me at the British Library, it would cost 50 billion pounds to digitize every book in the library.
And that's never going to happen.
And the cost of labor isn't going to go down either.
But it is interesting that the great public works projects of France and Great Britain, towards the end of the century, turn out to be libraries.
The French, and I'm not certain...
what fraction of the $1.3 billion this may have entailed, but the French project was to include a fairly massive digitization program, and I believe that was part of the cost.
I'm not certain.
I'm able to figure that out.
Yeah, my understanding, I did talk to somebody, the guy who heads that, and he gave me a bunch of publications in French that I can't read, but...
They have apparently backed off quite markedly from what I've heard and read, in part because they discovered that the transmission of this material over Minitel or what have you...
is slow enough that people don't like it.
Well, plus, and the preservation factor is still unknown.
You know, we still don't know.
As I understand it, the French are working on supposedly a deacidification, mass deacidification formula that they've been very quiet about.
You know, the Germans really seem to be leading the way in this.
But everybody says the French are going to come up with something.
And I think they've been working on this as well, you know, to deacidify their existing collections as artifacts, not to convert them into digital forms or even microfilm forms.
They've been doing a lot of that.
Years back, I think it was FMC had a formula that looked very promising.
For some reason, they...
Basically dropped it, and I don't know the reason.
Who's FMC?
Well, FMC stands for Food Machinery Corporation.
Oh, really?
It's a company?
Pardon me?
It's a company, or?
It's a very large company.
Yeah.
Well, LC basically farms out to a guy in Pennsylvania.
who I guess used to preserve or do something with telephone poles.
Have you heard that story?
No.
Oh, it's a great story.
The name was Spatz.
I'm writing about him.
But LC actually had contracted some big company, and they were testing it out in Maryland at a NASA.
This is some years, 10 years or so years ago, and the damn thing blew up.
Oh, yeah, I'm familiar with that.
And they had an explosion, you know, and that was the end of that one.
Exactly.
That's exactly right.
Then there's the, is it, I want to say, Smith?
Wito?
I don't know.
Dick Smith is his name, I think.
He's basically doing the same thing for the Canadian National Archives, using basically, I think,
calcium carbonate.
When we spoke the other day, you made a comment on the San Francisco Public Library, and maybe you'd be kind enough to repeat it now, that you think that maybe that Dallin has had a bad rap up there.
Well, yeah.
I think that if you accept Dallin's philosophy that the project was to be
a public library and specifically not a research library, then many of the aspects of the San Francisco public that have been severely criticized really aren't fair game.
And in a way, the building has been a pretty major success.
Their use rates have gone up.
at a far higher rate than anybody anticipated which is part of their problem and it's really I find it quite a lovely building to simply explore now that may not be exactly what some critics would feel a library should be but it gets you into the library and you might
become a patron as a result.
If I lived in San Francisco, I probably would.
And indeed, the queues that occurred where you signed up for cards were quite long, for quite a long time.
They may still be long.
Yeah, well, I was there very early in the cycle, and they were pretty long, you know.
Now, you know, one can be critical of some detail, I think, the entry.
Parts of the entry, I think, work quite well.
I mean, bringing entrances from three sides of the building to a single control point, I think, works well.
The control point itself does not work so well.
The fact that they have to have a person standing or directing traffic
is indicative of a problem that really wasn't quite solved.
I think that the circulation booths are an interesting concept.
The queuing for those booths wasn't really worked out very well.
The communication between the booth and other functions in the library is weak.
The ability to bring a backup person from behind the scenes
quickly is probably not as easy as it would be with a traditional circulation desk with workspace behind.
But it was a bold and interesting concept, and it'll be interesting to see how it matures.
I think that I'm concerned about some of the
specialness of the design, little pretty carefully designed tables for computer terminals for the catalog.
You know, the time is here for basically when catalogs are online rather than, I'm sorry, are web-based rather than being sort of sold
solely connected to a particular terminal so that you can access the catalog basically from any computer.
That's right.
I do it all the time.
Things may become outdated fairly quickly.
But these are pretty trivial criticisms, I think, but perhaps the most severe from my perspective is the need to have a staff member entry all the time to make it work.
So your new book is coming out next year?
No, it's coming out this year.
Oh, this year.
Excellent.
That means I'll have a chance to look at it before my book goes in.
I don't know.
It's due out in August or September.
I just read the advertisement and it said September.
Oh, that's great.
There'll be plenty of time for me not only to cite it, but I'm turning in my manuscript in August, but there'll be three or four months to do changes, you know.
Well, I wouldn't wish it upon you as bedtime reading, but... That's my job.
Guess what?
It is my bedtime reading.
What is the fundamental approach in this edition?
What is most striking in the development of libraries that you've had to take into account in this edition?
I mean, I could make an assumption what it probably is, but I'd like to hear you say it.
Obviously, the pervasive nature of technology is a key
I think that another aspect is the effect of ADA on design.
Now, what is that?
The Americans with Disabilities Act.
Okay, yeah.
Which many of the very frugal, and I don't necessarily mean that in a negative way, but many of the very frugal characteristics of Metcalf trying to
weaned the greatest use out of each square foot basically are no longer possible because of ADA.
So that the same functionality is taking more space than it did in Metcalf's era.
And that, I hope, is reflected.
I think that one of the criticisms of one of our readers of the second edition was that we spent too much time on earthquakes.
Yeah, right.
I've come to the conclusion that that person is wrong.
Well, look at San Francisco, for instance.
While we haven't really added anything in that area, I'm pleased to say that it's still well covered.
We spent a little more paper on...
Compact storage technologies, not a lot, but its presence is a little greater than it was in the last edition.
I think that the notion of storage facilities, particularly for research libraries, will become more and more prevalent.
There's even an illustration of one such facility that's
commonly called the Harvard model, which is an order-picker system.
Right.
That's the off-site storage, which I have in my book, by the way.
I went out there and wrote a little thing on it.
I just do a physical description of it.
Now, that general design is appearing all around.
Well, they come to Harvard on a regular basis.
I believe so.
In fact, I think they've got a little videotape that I want to get.
Have you seen it?
Yes.
Is it worth my seeing?
Pardon me?
Is it worth my getting and seeing, do you think?
Oh, I think so, but it really doesn't tell you much.
It doesn't tell me anything I don't already know.
That's right.
What you really want to know is what's the cost.
Well, they tell me $2 million for each one.
Yeah, but what's the cost to operate it?
Oh, that's a whole other story.
Yeah, because each thing has to be uniquely identified in order to find it again, I think.
If they buff it, they've lost it, and apparently they feel that they have a very good record of doing this accurately.
Yeah, they gave me their figures, by the way, and if you believe them, they're flawless.
Well, they may be close to me, because I think they do have multiple checks, but this is not without cost.
Oh, but Harvard, too, who can afford it more than Harvard?
Well, yeah.
How many institutions do have made a commitment to maintaining their collections?
You know, there aren't that many.
Oh, I think you may be wrong.
And particularly if you look at research universities, colleges, yeah, they're not maintaining their collections.
But research universities, the cost to simply deselect something
is simply outrageous when it comes to, you know, removal of selection.
What do you mean?
The cost is... Well, the cost of deselecting would include making the decision that something is not going to be useful in the future, which may involve faculty.
Which it does at Harvard.
It's right there written down.
I've got the regs on that, you know.
And faculty time is not cheap.
And then there's the records change.
And the book itself may have to be, you know, altered in order to get it out of circulation, stamped, what have you.
Maybe they even destroy it or they sell it or something.
If they can sell it, it's going to be at, you know... Scrap paper cost.
Just about.
Yeah.
But that cost, particularly the decision process, can be quite expensive.
I've heard one collections person, Paul Mosier, do you know him?
No, I've heard the name, but I don't know.
Where is he?
University of Pennsylvania.
Yeah, okay.
I've heard him say that he would not be surprised at the cost for the decision to deselect something as much as $50 a volume, or $50 a title, I should say.
Wow.
Yeah.
So maybe it's easier just to keep it someplace.
Yeah, whereas the cost for the Harvard model storage system is probably, particularly for the initial facility cost, is probably less than $3 of volume.
Right.
Or a tenth the cost of simply deciding to get rid of it.
And that's a number they gave me, by the way.
$3 of volume.
Yeah, it might even be two.
Yeah, the thing that that does not include is the continuing operation.
That's right, the labor and the...
and the support system.
But now another attack that has been taken is Cornell.
They are not, you know, they're a major five-star university in research and, you know, terrific.
And so they're not about to get into the situation of wholesale dumping of their collections.
But they have decreed that as of the year 2000, there will only be five million books ever kept on the central campus.
Anything else will go out to what they call the Apple Orchid, where they have a Harvard model off-site storage.
I think that's rational.
Yeah.
But it's not getting rid of it.
The decision to put it into off-site storage is reversible, and that's the key.
And being that it's reversible, it can be done much cheaper.
That's right.
But then let me just finish with what their attitude is, though, in terms of growing the collection.
For the most part, they have a policy, and this is their phrase, that they call phased deterioration.
Have you ever heard that?
No.
And what that is is that basically you have a book that's a brittle book.
and that we have decided that we're not going to make any heroic efforts to save it.
We'll give it a comfortable place to sleep and it will die a natural death.
And that's how they're going to weed the collection, you know?
Well, then if somebody comes to need it, they may discover that it has some importance and they may take steps to...
Right, but that's really not about to happen, I don't think.
It may happen one out of a hundred.
Once a decision has been made, these are always, as you know, books that are in the middle, not books of great rarity or great significance or high circulation volumes.
These are the books that nobody takes out.
And you have a statistic in here, which I think is pretty interesting, that you say that the...
in your paper that I guess if it's assumed that the average item circulates once every 12 years, is that a figure that somebody puts out like the ALA or?
No, but it's a figure that I've kind of always used in a relatively low circulation and I think that it can be borne out as being in the right sort of general ballpark and not be one every
10 years or one every 15 years, but from my experience, that would qualify for what one normally speaks of as low circulation.
But even at that rate, and I probably made this point, that's quite a number of books that are moving in and out.
Sure.
Well, you say about 2.5 items circulated each day in each aisle, you know.
But at some libraries, and we're not talking institutional, academic libraries, not research libraries, but I've heard figures thrown out to indicate that if a book isn't used in five years, it's a prime candidate for being tossed.
Well, if it's a public library, that's definitely the case.
And there you go, right?
In fact, they'd like to see it used twice a year as a minimum.
Is that right?
Yeah.
And with computers now giving you the ability to track usage, you know, books are in jeopardy of being tossed if they're not used.
And I would have to say for a college library that might be a reasonable algorithm, but for a research library I think it has great risk.
Oh, I think it's fraught with great... And even in a college library it would be nice to have
some seed of material that's unusual that students could kind of discover.
So what was the crux of the big firestorm up at Berkeley?
Now, they're a great research library.
Were they grooming the collection or just not adding to it with the same gusto that they had been?
You know, I'm not sure that I'm aware of the firestorm you're speaking of.
I know they've had serious...
financial limitations, and there have been a number of key staff that have taken whatever golden parachute... Yeah, well, Peter Lyman stepped down.
Yeah, and Lyman, I think he's a...
He probably leans toward technology, the solution, the kind of CEO.
And I think there's probably enough of a body of traditional skill at Berkeley that that probably just doesn't.
Is that right?
Yeah.
No, there was quite a bit written about it just last year.
And I've got the stuff on.
I just thought maybe you'd followed it a little bit.
And then briefly, and then I'll let you go, and thank you very much for your time.
But you did mention also the other day that you had been brought into consulting the San Jose situation where you have the university library and the public library.
There's going to be one for both.
And if you could just tell me again what your attitude is on that development.
Well, it clearly is a rising star from the political arena.
The politicians view it as a win-win situation where the biggest bang for the buck to the cheap, and
As a consequence, the principle may have merit in many situations, more situations than just San Jose certainly had.
I would expect that this will become a model that we see elsewhere across the country in the future.
I think that the
philosophy of the public library and the philosophy of the academic library do come together in a rather clashing way in some respects.
But given the political motivation, they will figure out how to make it work.
It may not be as efficient as the politicians would have you believe.
I think that the real savings are pretty
And it may prove to be a bit of a, perceptively anyway, a bit of a problem for the scholar, but, you know, San Jose State is really a college and not a university, although it's called a university.
And for a college, maybe this is just fine.
I think that it has a pretty good collection for a college.
There are, I'm sure, over a million volumes now.
And the public library is a pretty dynamic public library.
They have maybe 50 branches.
Really?
which are largely supported from this library.
They will have, you know, when they buy something, they buy a dozen of them or 25 of them, but very few of them remain in the main library.
The library for the public isn't that huge.
So will they have one librarian?
Will it be one administration?
I don't think they've quite worked that out.
I expect that there will be, actually I think there probably will be two librarians, the university librarian and the public librarian.
I believe that there will be some form of a declaration, of operational declaration to establish who's responsible for what.
I once heard both Jane and Jim speak of the advantage of making it a separate organizational entity so that they did not have to answer to the mayor.
That's right.
Or the college president.
College president, which is an interesting concept that probably will not happen.
But that would probably make life easier for us.
Yeah, like the Turnpike Authority up here, you know.
They basically run it apart from everything else.
But I think Jane and Jim has stepped down.
But at the time I was involved, I think they both had a positive approach to this, figuring that they were both going to get something out of it that was worth trying to achieve.
So they're going ahead with it?
So far as I know, they are.
I know they selected an architect.
Oh, they are going ahead with it.
And it's going to be a big building.
Of course, it helps that it's an urban university, an urban college.
This wouldn't work if the college wasn't downtown, you know?
That's correct.
And if they had a campus out in the suburbs or something, then it's... Yeah, unless that college had a downtown.
Right.
Like in Broward County, I don't know if it was Florida, Atlantic, or... One of the...
One of the Florida colleges or universities in that area has a downtown campus supported by the Broward County Library.
See, I didn't know that.
That's quite a huge library.
Listen, you've been very generous with your time.
I want to thank you very much.
You did say you were going to send a copy.
I sent you my book, and I sent it priority mail on Saturday, so I was hoping it would arrive by today.
My wife is very pleased.
She's a librarian.
Is that right?
She's been fondling that book in the bookstore.
My book?
Yeah.
Oh, really?
Well, it should arrive presently, and I'll certainly keep you up to date on this, and we'll certainly make sure you get a copy of this new book when it comes out.
All right.
And I'll call you back if there are any things that I feel I have to go over with you.
I think you'd probably like to hear.
By the way, happy birthday.
I told you that, huh?
Thank you very much.
I appreciate it.
Okay.
Thanks so much for your time, sir.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye.